feat: Add VSCode Devcontainer (#272)
Azure/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure: docs/remote-devcontainer.md

# Contributing with VS Code Remote Container Extension

 We have laid out steps for contributing to the **Azure Key Vault Provider for Secrets Store CSI Driver** using the `VS Code - Remote Container Extension`.

## Prerequisites
1. Azure Subscription

## Fork and Clone Repository

Before we dive into setting up a remote container environment, fork and clone the repository first. Once cloned, enter into the `root` folder of the project:

  ```bash
  $ cd secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure
  ```

## VS Code with Remote Container Extension

The [VS Code Remote Container Extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) utilizes the `.devcontainer` folder to build a remote container that will have all necessary dependencies installed to contribute to the **Azure Key Vault Provider for Secrets Store CSI Driver**.

### Dependencies Included Inside The Remote Container

- `yq and jq` command line utilities for manipulating YAML and JSON files
- `Azure CLI` for access to your Azure Subscription
  - Your `.azure` folder on your host machine is mounted into the container, so you will be logged in to the same Azure Subscription.

> - Go 1.14+

Reviewer: Should we also add `kind` and `helm` to the dependencies list?

### Set Up

1. Open up the project in VS Code.
2. In the bottom-left corner of VS Code click on the remote window icon as shown below:

    ![open a remote window icon](/docs/images/bottom-left.png)

3. Select `Remote-Containers: Reopen in Container` from the drop-down list

    ![Reopen in Container](/docs/images/reopen-container.png)

4. The Azure Key Vault Provider should now be opened inside a Remote Container!
    - In the bottom-left you should see the tag updated to show: `Dev Container: Secrets Store CSI Driver Provider Azure`
    - Open the [integrated terminal](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/integrated-terminal) with `ctrl + `\`.
    - You can open up a bash shell in the container such as shown below:

>     ![remote dev cointainer](/docs/images/container_open.png)

Reviewer: nit: s/cointainer/container

# Contributing with VS Code Remote Container Extension

 We have laid out steps for contributing to the **Azure Key Vault Provider for Secrets Store CSI Driver** using the `VS Code - Remote Container Extension`.

## Prerequisites
1. Azure Subscription

## Fork and Clone Repository

Before we dive into setting up a remote container environment, fork and clone the repository first. Once cloned, enter into the `root` folder of the project:

  ```bash
  $ cd secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure
  ```

## VS Code with Remote Container Extension

The [VS Code Remote Container Extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) utilizes the `.devcontainer` folder to build a remote container that will have all necessary dependencies installed to contribute to the **Azure Key Vault Provider for Secrets Store CSI Driver**.

### Dependencies Included Inside The Remote Container

- `yq and jq` command line utilities for manipulating YAML and JSON files
- `Azure CLI` for access to your Azure Subscription

>   - Your `.azure` folder on your host machine is mounted into the container, so you will be logged in to the same Azure Subscription.

Reviewer: Is this true? I see the `.azure` folder mounted but still need to login inside the container -

```
root@docker-desktop:/go/src/secrets-store-csi-driver-provider-azure# az account show -o table
Please run 'az login' to setup account.
```

Author: @aramase it seems to not be the case, it won't automatically log you in this way anymore. the `/.azure` folder contains all subscriptions info but the user won't be logged in. Since this is the case, do you think it's better to just notify them to run `az login` to log in to their azure account?

Reviewer: @bdlb77 yeah, that makes sense! let's do that.

Author: @aramase could you give it another shot with az login? I changed the mount point of the `.azure. folder and it seemed to work for me :)

Reviewer: Tried out it and I'm logged in now 👍

Reviewer 2: Where do we tell users to run `az login`?

Reviewer: It's not required. They are logged in by default when `.azure` folder is mounted.

Author: if they are already logged in to azure, they will continue to be logged in... If they haven't logged in then they are able to do so from within the container

> - `kind` for to allow configuring and using KinD clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kind` to configure and use [KinD](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind) clusters
```

Reviewer 2: @bdlb77  can you PTAL at this suggestion?
